Layer names of model 'Octo':
module - OctoModulePt
module.octo_transformer - OctoTransformerPt
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers - ModuleDict
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language - LanguageTokenizerPt
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model - T5EncoderModel
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.shared - Embedding
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder - T5Stack
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.relative_attention_bias - Embedding
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11 - T5Block
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0 - T5LayerSelfAttention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention - T5Attention
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.q - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.k - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.v - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.o - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1 - T5LayerFF
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.DenseReluDense - T5DenseActDense
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo - Linear
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.DenseReluDense.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.DenseReluDense.act - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.final_layer_norm - T5LayerNorm
module.octo_transformer.task_tokenizers.language.hf_model.encoder.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers - ModuleDict
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary - ImageTokenizerPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def - SmallStem16Pt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.0 - Sequential
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.0.0 - StdConvPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.0.1 - GroupNormPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.0.2 - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.1 - Sequential
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.1.0 - StdConvPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.1.1 - GroupNormPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.1.2 - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.2 - Sequential
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.2.0 - StdConvPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.2.1 - GroupNormPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.2.2 - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.3 - Sequential
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.3.0 - StdConvPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.3.1 - GroupNormPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.layers.3.2 - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.primary.encoder_def.embedding - ConvPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist - ImageTokenizerPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def - SmallStem16Pt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.0 - Sequential
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.0.0 - StdConvPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.0.1 - GroupNormPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.0.2 - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.1 - Sequential
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.1.0 - StdConvPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.1.1 - GroupNormPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.1.2 - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.2 - Sequential
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.2.0 - StdConvPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.2.1 - GroupNormPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.2.2 - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.3 - Sequential
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.3.0 - StdConvPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.3.1 - GroupNormPt
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.layers.3.2 - ReLU
module.octo_transformer.observation_tokenizers.wrist.encoder_def.embedding - ConvPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer - BlockTransformerPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer - TransformerPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.dropout - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks - ModuleList
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.0 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.0.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.0.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.0.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.0.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.0.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.0.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.0.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.0.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.0.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.0.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.1 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.1.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.1.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.1.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.1.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.1.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.1.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.1.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.1.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.1.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.1.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.2 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.2.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.2.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.2.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.2.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.2.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.2.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.2.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.2.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.2.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.2.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.3 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.3.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.3.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.3.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.3.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.3.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.3.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.3.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.3.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.3.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.3.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.4 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.4.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.4.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.4.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.4.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.4.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.4.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.4.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.4.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.4.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.4.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.5 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.5.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.5.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.5.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.5.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.5.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.5.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.5.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.5.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.5.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.5.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.6 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.6.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.6.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.6.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.6.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.6.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.6.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.6.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.6.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.6.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.6.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.7 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.7.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.7.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.7.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.7.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.7.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.7.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.7.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.7.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.7.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.7.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.8 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.8.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.8.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.8.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.8.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.8.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.8.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.8.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.8.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.8.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.8.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.9 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.9.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.9.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.9.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.9.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.9.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.9.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.9.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.9.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.9.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.9.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.10 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.10.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.10.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.10.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.10.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.10.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.10.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.10.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.10.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.10.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.10.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.11 - Encoder1DBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.11.layer_norm1 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.11.self_attention - MultiheadAttentionPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.11.self_attention.out_proj - NonDynamicallyQuantizableLinear
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.11.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.11.layer_norm2 - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.11.mlp_block - MlpBlockPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.11.mlp_block.dense1 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.11.mlp_block.dense2 - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.11.mlp_block.dropout1 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.encoder_blocks.11.mlp_block.dropout2 - Dropout
module.octo_transformer.block_transformer.transformer.layer_norm - LayerNormPt
module.octo_transformer.task_projections - ModuleDict
module.octo_transformer.task_projections.task_language_projection - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.obs_projections - ModuleDict
module.octo_transformer.obs_projections.obs_primary_projection - LinearPt
module.octo_transformer.obs_projections.obs_wrist_projection - LinearPt
module.heads - ModuleDict
module.heads.action - DiffusionActionHeadPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model - ScoreActorPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.time_preprocess - FourierFeaturesPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.cond_encoder - MLPPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.cond_encoder.layers - Sequential
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.cond_encoder.layers.0 - LinearPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.cond_encoder.layers.1 - SiLU
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.cond_encoder.layers.2 - LinearPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network - MLPResNetPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.activation - SiLU
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.linear1 - LinearPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks - Sequential
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.0 - MLPResNetBlockPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.0.dropout - Dropout
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.0.layer_norm - LayerNormPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.0.linear1 - LinearPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.0.linear2 - LinearPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.0.residual - Identity
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.1 - MLPResNetBlockPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.1.dropout - Dropout
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.1.layer_norm - LayerNormPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.1.linear1 - LinearPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.1.linear2 - LinearPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.1.residual - Identity
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.2 - MLPResNetBlockPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.2.dropout - Dropout
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.2.layer_norm - LayerNormPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.2.linear1 - LinearPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.2.linear2 - LinearPt
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.blocks.2.residual - Identity
module.heads.action.diffusion_model.reverse_network.linear2 - LinearPt
